jocke now he were cleared for approach
Jericho Stuart is it an out of prison
more than half his life he's got no
impulse control he's unable to calculate
the consequences of his actions
he's a total lack of empathy for anybody
or anything he feels nothing
you know Hawaii my head your name is
Bill Pope you're an intelligence officer
the CIA the daughter's name Emma your
wife Jill huh you do to me
Hey look at me pay attention yonce true
dutch program he needed protection
remember you got into the safe house
where did you put it that is all we need
to know
I need you to remember I don't remember
nothing
you don't know me but I know you
Worf
they stop your husband in my head why
looking for details that he knew before
he was killed
Washington burning machine would be
graveyards people will understand there
is a better way to run this world
having your man in my head made me feel
right oh can you feel what Billy felt he
loves you suck
from last chance or they die
so many think they don't matter
to marry
the mess with me not the new wood to get
but they were wrong
you